---
author: mlinksva
comments: false
date: 2013-08-08 18:10:46+00:00
layout: post
slug: notes-from-open-definition-call-august-2013
title: Notes from Open Definition call August 2013
wordpress_id: 818
categories:
- Meetings
---

Previous call [notes](http://opendefinition.org/2013/08/03/notes-from-advisory-panel-meeting-june-2013/). Next call October 10 (2nd Thursday of even months) at 15:00 UTC.

# Participants

* Baden Appleyard
* Herb Lainchbury
* Tom Lee
* Mike Linksvayer (chair)
* Kent Mewhort
* Peter Murray-Rust

#Agenda/Notes

##Open Definition 1.2

* Name (OD, not OKD), [copyedit](https://github.com/okfn/opendefinition/compare/20e6671...1093d04#diff-8) done; no comments during call, on-list welcome
* Will CC BY/BY-SA be compliant? If not, feedback to them and/or on definition
* ACTION: HL to post snippets of CC4 for discussion as required
* ACTION: ML see if there is scope/people to raise at CC summit

##OSSD

* ML does not have page cleanup discussed ready for deep storage, if move to October

##Outstanding review of existing licenses

* Alberta and British Columbia  
    * Detailed discussion deferred to October, as some from AB and BC who wish to participate are on vacation.
    * ACTION: KM to review OD for whether concerns about complex and uncertain exemptions should be addressed directly
* Calgary  
    * ACTION: HL to send draft letter for Calgary to the list and if there are no objections within a week then he will send to Calgary
* Datalizenz  
    * DD at Wikimania; deferred to October
* Open Game License  
    * [Proposed on-list](http://lists.okfn.org/pipermail/od-discuss/2013-July/000525.html), discuss
    * Feeling outside of OD expertise, perhaps scope. We will probably not address OGL unless additional case made to do so on-list.
    * ACTION: ML to say above on-thread
* Others?  
    * UK Parliament, HK mentioned on-list, not formally proposed
    * HK clearly non-conformant, but will discuss how to provide useful feedback next call
    * BA pointed out http://www.ags.gov.au/pal/ to be discussed in future

##OD site/data/repository

* HL - we are about ½ way through adding the conformant licenses to the repository
* ML proposed that HL, ML, RP and KM get together separately (or as a topic of next regular call) to discuss overlaps and synergies between Kent’s license project and the repo that we’re creating on github.  
    * ACTION: ML to put on agenda for next regular call; if others wish to have discussion before then, propose datetime...

##New OD AC members

* Leigh Dodds, Kent Mewhort joining, welcome  
    * ACTION: ML to add to site, send welcome mail to list, will also mention below
* Follow up on potential members from unrepresented areas, concrete suggestions wanted, to be raised again next call
